English translation (#71)
personium/new-docs: src/app-developer/launch_from_homeapp.md

---
id: launch_from_homeapp
title: Single Sign On
sidebar_label: Single Sign On
---

> This page describes Home application which is a sample application for realizing Single Sign On.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page describes HomeApp which is a sample app for realizing Single Sign On.
```

> ## Home app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## HomeApp
```

> In the case of using the authorization code flow, an application using Personium needs the following at the beginning of the flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the case of using the authorization code flow, an app using Personium needs the user to perform the followings.
```

> 1. Input Cell URL of data subject

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. User (data subject) manually enters the Cell URL (beginning of every flow)
```

> 2. Authentication and consent on Cell URL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. User authenticates and approves permission to access the contents in the Cell (beginning of every flow)
```

Reviewer: I use permission here because the term is used in Understanding MyData Operators.

> 3. Bar file installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. User installs the Bar file in advance
```

> Doing the above for each app will be a burden on the user operation, but if there is an app that can manage and authenticate the apps collectively, this problem can be solved. The Home app is a sample app that does this. It is published in the following repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Doing the above for each app will be a burden for the user. If there is an app that can manage and authenticate the apps collectively, this issue can be solved. The HomeApp is a sample app that does this. It is published in the following repository.
```

* [Home App](https://github.com/personium/app-cc-home)

> The following section describes the specifications of the following Home apps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The remaining section describes the following specifications of the HomeApp.
```

> * Parameters passed at application startup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Parameters passed from the HomeApp when the app is launched
```

> * Processing to be done after launching the application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Process to be performed by the app
```
